today we're going to make potted flowers
too many I am a gradient is one of the
best chinese russia in the city and a
chef is going to teach me how to make
our sour a hotter tower subsonic Hong
Kong so let's get this started
besides I'm gonna shoot me okay so here
are the ingredients for hot and sour
soup silent M we have about six shirts
and some scallops and squids all Julian
this is Julian and then soft tofu Julian
about two ounce and here we have Chinese
bamboo shoots also to Alice Julian
Chinese mushroom the South Mercia
measurement system Chinese mushroom and
here we have a julienne ginger some
chopped scallions a pinch of pepper a
pinch of salt and some sesame oil
this is white vinegar soy sauce and also
corn starch water two cups of water
Shipman pour boiled people don't go to
college
and now we're going to put this aside
a little bit
rattle
so while the vegetables it would boil in
right here we're going to fill up the
water in the swamp
- all
no I
exactly
Alitalia your foundation
homie this one live
it's really good I didn't love it go
off human III with a popper
- Suze
since inclusion and send us
unfortunately this is quite - water
basically we put in quotes - water that
is really important you got to do it
slowly
now did that offer
nicely and a little bit of Chinese black
soy sauce
just smell and I don't feel and I doubt
them
battalion is shocking how Amanda Lewis's
book Gina waters
without Yoshi us is wrong he's on time
the good a real yo
Lamar way lighter you package up so I'm
a lie to you
tinsel
you're telling us
the mission I was in a sin with
I got pantalla tofu dogs away
Oh son Oh Katie fen
oh bugger yo possible hahahaha